[21590] Add warning about idls extensibility for Vulcanexus jazzy (#906)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/use_cases/rosbag_capture/rosbag_capture.rst

Copy inside the same IDL file and run Fast DDS-Gen to generate
the TypeSupport and the example source files.

.. important::

    If using Fast DDS *v3.0.0* or newer and generating the type with ``Fast DDS-Gen v4.0.0``, the extensibility  must be explicitly marked as ``@extensibility(FINAL)`` in idl structs.
    Starting from ``Fast DDS-Gen v4.0.1``, it can be left unspecified, as it defaults to ``@final``.

>     Please, refer to `Fast DDS data types extensibility <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastddsgen/dataTypes/dataTypes.html#extensibility>`_ for further information about type extensibility.

Reviewer: I would include a internal link
```suggestion
    Please, refer to :ref:`Fast DDS data types extensibility <extensibility>` for further information about type extensibility.
```
